I'm neither for or against but there are a few things to point out. It
was only a half hour presentation, I don't know if you've ever read a
climate paper but they're meaty as hell filled with all kinds of stuff
about the models and so on they used, he had a fair stab at pointing
out flaws and using data to back up his claims.

Also the consensus argument is not an argument, this is another
problem with anthropogenic climate claimers, they spend too much time
using the consensus argument instead of pulling some of the
papers/data/evidence from these papers and using it in debate.

The problem with climate change is that if you are skeptical of the
claims of man-made or even the purported problems that may arise from
climate change, you are labelled, shamed and shut down, even if you
are a respected, published and well regarded scientist.

In science we call this a paradigm not a consensus, and there will
always be opposition to the paradigm, some may be right, some may be
wrong, shutting them down and bullying them is not how science
progresses, analysing their arguments and refuting them or discussing
them openly is how science adapts.

Sadly those who do research that doesn't fit the hypothesis of man
made climate change are often overlooked or never published for one
reason or another.

I'm not really supporting either side, I'd just like to see a more
even and intellectual debate on the topic, also some better solutions
as opposed to wind turbines and solar panels which will never replace
fossil fuels unless we destroy our environment to plant the ugly
things.
